Update create-data-controller-direct-prerequisites.md (#83047)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/data/create-data-controller-direct-prerequisites.md

### Install tools

- Helm version 3.3+ ([install](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/))

> - Install or upgrade to the latest version of Azure CLI ([install](https://aka.ms/installazurecliwindows))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install or upgrade to the latest version of Azure CLI ([download](https://aka.ms/installazurecliwindows))
```

- Helm version 3.3+ ([install](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/))

> - Install or upgrade to the latest version of Azure CLI ([install](/sql/azdata/install/deploy-install-azdata))
> CORRECTION: the link for Azure CLI takes us to Azdata-CLI. Correct link should be https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install or upgrade to the latest version of Azure CLI ([install](https://aka.ms/installazurecliwindows))
```
